(DOCSP-23473): Updated Severless Limitations to Include Incompatibility with Watch-for-Changes (#79)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/mongodb/limitations-serverless-instances.rst

- You cannot create a :ref:`database trigger <database-trigger>` on a serverless instance.

- You cannot use a serverless instance as your app's :ref:`synced <sync>` cluster.

> - You cannot watch collections for changes on a serverless instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You cannot watch collections for changes data sources that are serverless {+atlas+} instances.
```
